Software License Agreement for GitPlex.

This is a legal agreement between you and GitPlex Pty covering your 
use of GitPlex (the "Software"). Be sure to read the following 
agreement before using the Software. BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE 
AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT 
AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND 
DESTROY ALL COPIES IN YOUR POSSESSION.  

The Software is owned by GitPlex Pty and is protected by 
international treaty provisions.  Therefore, you must treat the 
Software like any other copyrighted material (e.  g., a book or 
musical recording).  

GitPlex Pty grants you the right to use GitPlex for free for 10 
named users on unlimited servers. Additional users require license 
generated from gitplex.com account. Licenses generated from single 
gitplex.com account should only be used in a single GitPlex instance, 
except for those used for backup and other non-production purposes. 

You may not rent or lease the Software, nor may you modify, adapt, 
translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software.  
If you violate any part of this agreement, your right to use this 
Software terminates automatically and you must then destroy all copies 
of the Software in your possession.  

The Software and its related documentation are provided "AS IS" and 
without warranty of any kind and GitPlex Pty expressly disclaims all 
other warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, 
the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular 
purpose. Under no circumstances shall GitPlex Pty be liable for any 
incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use 
or inability to use the Software or related documentation, even if 
GitPlex Pty has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no 
event shall GitPlex Pty liability exceed the license fee paid, if any.  

Copyright (C) 2016-2018 by GitPlex Pty All rights reserved. 
